# Project 2 Artist's Statement

  The idea/inspiration for this project came to me while watching The Boyz - The Stealer Music Video, it gave the idea of a secret agent being in some underground vault having to steal some expensive gem. If you were to watch the music video, the art I created for this project is very much inspired by the video. I had originally started this for my midterm project, and I decided to fix and elaborate on what I submitted for the midterm because I wanted to push myself and see how far I can take this project with the time I had.

  While making the game I wanted to make sure that first and foremost anyone could play it which is why I incorporated 4 different difficulty options. I think the difficulty options really make it a little easier for the player to have an enjoyable experience with the game since you can test it out with the easy version and work your way up to the harder versions. But even with the harder versions the most important thing is that the player has fun even if they can't beat the game and they want to keep trying until they do. I think the incorporation of the difficulty options really aids in this as well as being able to get to the end of each level/stage of the game. Once you start a new level the players lives count is reset so that way they have 4 chances of beating each level. In the game it looks like you have 3 lives however once you lose the third life you'll see you can still play until you get hit again and that was done on purpose to give the player one last chance to beat the level.
